Vijay Mallya had enough money to pay back loan, instead he bought properties abroad before fleeing India: CBI
The CBI, in its chargesheet, stated Vijay Mallya bought properties worth Rs 330 crore in England and France, while his Kingfisher Airlines suffered a cash crunch. Mallya, who owes 17 Indian banks an estimated Rs 900 crore, is accused of fraud and money laundering.

Listen to Story
Advertisement
A file photo of Vijay Mallya (Credits: PTI)
Vidya
New Delhi,UPDATED: Mar 23, 2023 12:08 IST

Fugitive businessman Vijay Mallya bought properties worth Rs 330 crore in England and France during 2015-16 even as his Kingfisher Airlines was facing a cash crunch at the same time, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has claimed in its supplementary chargesheet filed in a Mumbai court.

It was the same time when banks had not recovered the loans defaulted by the liquor baron, the CBI chargesheet stated.
advertisement

In the chargesheet, CBI stated Mallya had enough money between 2008 and 2017 to repay banks, from where he had taken loans for his Kingfisher Airlines Limited (KAL).

However, he bought "personal assets" across Europe and transferred money to his children's trusts in Switzerland.

The CBI, after taking permission from the court, sent out a communication to various countries asking for Mallya's transaction details.

    We'd like two minutes of your time in order to understand you better. Please take this reader survey.

The agency received information that Mallya had bought real estate in France for 35 million euros and had sought to make a payment of 8 million euros from an account of one of his companies, Gizmo Holdings.

Mallya left India in 2016 and is said to be residing in the United Kingdom, while proceedings are underway to bring him back to face trial.

Mallya is an accused in the alleged over Rs 900 crore IDBI Bank-Kingfisher Airlines loan fraud case being probed by the CBI.

The probe agency has named the 11 accused earlier chargesheeted, and has also added the name of Buddhadev Dasgupta, former general manager of IDBI Bank, in its latest supplementary chargesheet.

ALSO READ SC junks Vijay Mallya’s plea against bid to declare him fugitive economic offender